Remove non-Dusk reference (#40)
dusk-network/.github: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

**No contribution is too small and all contributions are valued.**

## Code of Conduct

All projects within the Dusk organisation adhere to the [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). This describes the _minimum_ behavior expected from all contributors.

## Contributing

At Dusk we work with GitHub issue trackers. Every activity, be it a software contribution or a task of different nature that produces a concrete deliverable, is logged in a specific GitHub Issue and handled accordingly. Issues are repo specific.

👉 **Always create and work on GitHub issues**

For any issue, there are fundamentally three ways an individual can contribute:

1. By opening the issue for discussion: For instance, if you believe that you have uncovered a bug in a crate, creating a new issue in the appropriate repo's [issue tracker][issues] is the way to report it.
2. By helping to triage the issue: This can be done by providing supporting details (a test case that demonstrates a bug), providing suggestions on how to address the issue, or ensuring that the issue is tagged correctly.

> 3. By helping to resolve the issue: Typically this is done either in the form of demonstrating that the issue reported is not a problem after all, or more often, by opening a Pull Request that changes some bit of something in the repo in a concrete and reviewable manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. By helping to resolve the issue: Typically this is done either in the form of demonstrating that the issue reported is not a problem after all, or more often, by opening a Pull Request that changes some bit of something in the relevant repository in a concrete and reviewable manner.
```
